You are watching and listening to the
electronic inifatada. I am John Elmer.
This is the resistance report on day 937
of Israel's genocide in Gaza. Today is
day 59 of Hezbollah's defense of South
Lebanon. It is also day 62 of the US and
Israel's war against Iran which is
currently in a bit of a blockade
stalemate such as it is blockade such as
it is. uh in the straight of Hormuz. The
US president said yesterday that he's
waiting for Iran to say they give up.
So, he's getting bad advice on that.
Today, we are going to focus on Lebanon.
Let's go to the maps as we always do.
I'll just say I'm reporting this on the
afternoon of Thursday, April the 30th.
You're looking at the BBC map of the
area south of the Latani River, which
was what Israel said that they were
going to conquer uh in this stage of the
war. Um they have not done so. Um but uh
chief of staff of the Israeli military
alamir said that there is no ceasefire
uh in Lebanon. There's still six uh IDF
divisions operating in Lebanon. And
we're hearing from the Israeli soldiers
a lot of the same things we heard from
the final stage of the military
operation in Gaza during Gideon's
chariots in that they are military is
saying they are not fighting Hzbalah
they are destroying homes and making it
so that there is nowhere to return to
which is what they said they were doing
in Betanoon and Rafa in Gaza and to this
day those things have held. Um so that
is their uh operational uh that's their
their strategic objective is to erase
those villages uh along the border
there. Um just yesterday there was a
Harat's article with the headline that
there's no logic to this. Quoting scared
IDF officers um talking about troops
facing deadly Hezbollah drones while
demolishing southern Lebanon homes.
Israeli soldiers describe risking their
lives to guard civilian contractors
demolishing buildings in Shia villages
near the Israel border as they remain
exposed to Hezbollah's explosive drones
considered a significant challenge for
which there is no foreseeable future. Um
again, so they're not defeating any
resistance force. They're not disarming
any resistance force. They're carrying
out a genocidal ethnic cleansing rampage
against civilians, which is basically,
as we know, all the Israeli military is
able to achieve. Um, let's take a look
at the second map, cuz this is more
realistically what the Israelis hope to
achieve here in these villages in the
south. This is what the Israelis call
the anti-tank line. They want to push um
the villages, they want to push the
border back um to an anti-tank line that
was originally 3 to 5 kilometers. Now
they're talking about 10 km but they do
not have military control in th those
areas between 3 and 10 km. So um this is
aspirational as it is right now but the
anti-tank line was supposed to cover uh
55 villages uh and towns in south
Lebanon. Um to further of that uh chief
of staff of the IDF Al Zamir he was
speaking to troops in South Lebanon when
he said on the combat this was yesterday
on the combat front there is no
ceasefire we continue to fight to remove
direct and indirect threats from the
northern settlements any threat
including crossing the yellow line north
of the latani will be removed
and north of the latani two things
beyond the yellow line and beyond the uh
and north of latani will be removed D.
Um, it is your mission, he said to the
soldiers, and duty to operate with
freedom of action. Remove any threat. At
this stage, we are not advancing beyond
the yellow line, but we are going to
continue to operate to remove threats
freely in that area. An um an Israeli
military officer told Harets yesterday
that the only mission is to continue
destruction. There is no other mission.
The IDF believes this systematic
destruction of Shia villages will
prevent villagers from returning home.
Another commander said that contrary to
the IDF's claims that the soldiers are
destroying terrorist infrastructure in
these villages, the destruction goes
well beyond that. Quote, it is is not
terrorist infrastructure. We are
destroying everything. It goes well
beyond that. Uh an officer said about
Israel's plan so far. If we look at the
next map here, you can see this is more
like uh more accurate of where uh
Israeli vehicles have been far off 10
km. Um in some cases you can see uh it's
only hundreds of meters. Um and each of
those triangles, you can see a triangle
on the far right on the coast of that
map and then you see one uh towards the
central area and another one on the
eastern edge. And then going up the
Galilee panhandle, you see three more
triangles. Those are the Israeli bases
that they established inside Lebanon
during the ceasefire. It was from those
bases that they began their operations.
And you can see where those bases are
and how far they moved. Not very far.
They're unable to move on the ground,
which is consistent with their previous
ground war in 2024, where they were also
repelled from advancing. Um, and so when
they are militarily defeated, they turn
and destroy civilian homes, torture
people in prisons, uh, as we heard on
the previous report. Um, so that is the
situation as it stands right now.
Everything you're going to see in this
report, as ever, it has been published
in the previous week, uh, since you last
saw me. Um, because of operational
security reasons, various other reasons,
some of the videos are published with a
lag. sometimes up to two weeks and
sometimes they're published literally
within minutes. So we're seeing the
military media department operating
across a 100 kilometer front line and
filing their reports within minutes of
the operation. So we're seeing full
command and control um and um resistance
uh on a level that has the Israelis
really scrambling right now. So let's
take a look at some of the footage from
the past week.
This is a psychological operations
video. You could c uh classify this as
this is a Hzbollah video to the
Israelis. Um it talks about the yellow
line. It says no security zone whatever
depth will protect you once we decide to
deploy these weapons. In essence is what
it says. Don't let your government fool
you or don't be mistaken. Um especially
by your government. Um and we're
watching here a video of uh buried
launchers uh various types of uh guided
missiles, drones um and all of them have
the capability of striking um beyond
even a 10 kilometer border well beyond
um and that's something that Israel has
learned in this battle. um their goal
was to get up to the Latani River uh
thinking that they would that that that
would shut down Hzbollah's rocket and
drone capabilities. But pretty quickly
into this stage of the war um like
within a few days, the Israeli military
realized that most of these attacks were
coming from far north of the Latani
River and operating south of the Latani
was not going to stop the fire in any
way. And this is Hezbollah just
reminding us that that is the case. Naim
Kasum spoke this week um and he said the
resistance reiterates five
non-negotiable conditions about this
war. Number one, total cessation of
aggression by land air and sea,
withdrawal of Israeli troops from
occupied territories, the release of
prisoners, the return of all residents
to their towns, and reconstruction. He
said the resistance maintains it will
liberate every inch of occupied land.
Record this for history. He said, "The
Israeli enemy will not remain on a
single inch of our occupied land, and
our people will return to their lands um
to the very inch of the southern border
with occupied Palestine. And together,
our people, just as we resisted
together, we will rebuild together." So
that's the secretary general of
Hezbollah, Naim Kasam, speaking this
week about the fight. We've also heard
him say that this fight is existential
that they will fight to their last
breath um to liberate these uh lands in
the south that Israel believes by
destroying uh will remove people's I
don't know what they they think it will
remove people's desire to move back
home. That's not the case and I don't
think these uh can hold up in Gaza or in
Lebanon. Uh but we won't make any
predictions at this stage uh in the
battle. Um the next one here we see um a
traditional anti-tank operation. This is
through a thermal camera. You can see
the uh Merkova tank arriving. You can
see um the heat signature of its engine
which is in the front uh on a Merkova.
And the reason it is on the front
incidentally is because of exactly this
video that we're watching right now. a
Cornet anti-tank guided missile strike
from up high on a hill, direct hit on
the tank. Uh we're seeing an explosion
of the tank and it uh slowly coming to a
stop. We're going to see in a minute
here the uh targeted tank crewmen are
going to stumble out of the back of the
tank um after this strike. The idea of
putting the engine in the front was that
uh you get an extra two tons or so of um
of heavy steel and metal uh guarding. So
that's why the uh engine is in the front
and we see the reason for it there. Uh
in this here you see the soldiers here
they come out. Now one guy here being
dragged. We're just seeing them as
little dots uh on the thermal camera.
Um, but you can see that there's clearly
injuries uh in this operation, although
none reported. I'm going to show you a
few of these videos this week. Um, that
there's clearly casualties that were not
reported, which is not surprising, but
it's always uh useful to see the
examples of when they don't see you see
this should soldiers there. Uh, Hzbollah
put their little red circle around them
over off to the side of that clearly
disabled tank. This operation was on
March 30th uh near Bintage Bale. Um and
these are their tank killer units, their
anti-tank guided missile units that have
here to for have been the backbone of
Hezbollah's operational disposition
until the FPV drone uh era arrived as it
has. Um, and they are uh able to hit
from a further distance with the FPV
drones, the firstperson view drones,
than they are with these uh anti-tank
missiles. Um, and so Israel's effort to
make an anti-tank line is useless
against um against the drones that we
are going to see for most of this show.
Um, and that has been something that has
been surprising because the anti-tank
units have been such a consistent part
of Hezbollah's operations. Um, and the
Israelis know that and the Israelis have
been essentially hiding from that um,
through the operations in South Lebanon.
And that's what the Israeli military was
saying in that Harets article. They're
not fighting. They're not looking for
Hezbollah fighters to engage and battle.
um they're not looking to disarm them.
They know they can't do that. They know
they can't defeat it. So, what they're
doing is simply destroying civilian
property um as a response to uh
Hezbollah's resistance. Um let's take a
look at number six now. Um there's going
to be audio in this one.
Yo yo yo. What's good?
Yo.
So, this operation was on Sunday. You're
seeing a medevac of wounded troops um
and then the medevac area, the landing
area was targeted by multiple um FPV
firstperson view drones um right beside
the uh medevac helicopter. This was in
Taipei. Um, one soldier uh was killed in
a previous operation, four seriously
wounded and two others moderately
wounded in an operation that we're going
to see coming up next year. And then
Hezbollah was able, this video came out
through the Israeli media on Sunday. Um,
and within within an hour or so, uh, the
Hezbollah video was published. Again,
showing total command and control, the
ability to get the, um, the footage and
show the footage, uh, publish the
footage all within this small window of
time. Shows uh, the capability. You can
see the drone there just just misses.
Nobody was injured by that uh, drone
strike, though. You heard the yao yao
that uh are now pretty common especially
from the uh Iran war when we hear
Israelis reacting to incoming missiles.
Um let's take a look at the footage from
the Hezbollah video here. Um so we're
watching again quadcopter drone. You're
going to recognize this from the
previous month or so of reporting. Um
you can see their blades on the side.
You can see them traveling uh through
South Lebanon, identifying a tank here
that is stuck and has personnel uh
standing around um the tank. I've edited
uh the end of this video. Maybe tomorrow
I can throw up my uh X account that has
the full view, but you can see there
we've edited out uh the strike that you
can watch uh the full operation. It's
just it's the same uh frames. I just
blurred the um soldiers to meet
YouTube's um community guidelines. Uh
but you can see six soldiers there. Um
one killed, four seriously wounded. You
can also see that they didn't react at
all to that incoming uh quadcopter tanks
are if the tank engine was on, even if
the one behind it was on, you wouldn't
hear it. Uh but you can see here the
video that we're watching. Um this is up
towards um the top of the Galilee
panhandle.
Um so there's the medevac helicopter and
you're going to see the soldiers off to
the right and the uh the drone uh falls
out of the sky just before um the
strike. So it's not clear what the
target was. Hezbollah has targeted
medevacs. they don't um adhere to the
same uh medevac
um principle, I guess you could call it,
that uh Gaza does. Um but we'll see here
in this next clip after this one that um
it looks as though a soldier maybe
shoots the drone just at the last
minute. The helicopter takes off uh
rapidly. Um these drones are very
precise and that is their asset among
other things. But here you can see from
this footage, we're showing footage now
of Israeli soldiers. Um, and you can see
they're soldiers. These are not
paramedics. These are soldiers from unit
669. It's a special operations forces
unit. And you can see the drone there
get shot at. Possibly it was shot down.
Um, and yeah, just to say these are not
um uh these are not medics. These are
not civilian paramedics. the uh con 11
which is Israel's state broadcaster
they kind of put it straightforward they
said the investigation from the Israeli
air force reveals that following the
incident the air force sent two the
original incident was the tank uh crew
getting hit um so following that
incident the air force sent two owl type
rescue helicopters carrying medical
teams and fighters from unit 669 now
unit 669 I've covered them a few times
in relation to Gaza but these are um
special operations forces and their
writings.
They're special operations soldiers who
are sent on other missions as well. And
those helicopters are not medical
helicopters. Those are combat
helicopters. Um so there are some
criteria distinctions to be made in
that. Um and they are made by the
Israelis. So we'll go with uh the way
they describe their own unit uh in this
case. Let's look at number eight. Um
here we have um FPV Strike. First time
they've shown us the build. Um from the
side there, you could see it. Um these
builds are smart builds. I talked about
them a couple of shows back. Um smart,
clean, cheap, uh assembly, easy to
assemble, uh resilient supply chain.
This drone is going to hunt down this
excavator that's actively demolishing
houses right now. and uh deliver it more
precisely than any other ammunition that
you could find directly into the cockpit
of that um of that excavator. And now we
know from Israeli crews that they have
soldiers around them protecting these uh
guys excavating and an excavator
uh operator was killed this week. Um
I'll get to that when we get up to that
video. Um, but the Israeli soldiers in
Harat said that the part of this plan in
South Lebanon is a polygon is marked out
for each of the units of the area
showing the section that they are
responsible for raising. At the end of
every day, there's an assessment of what
was accomplished and every commander is
required to report on how many homes he
destroyed. Each unit is assigned a
number of bulldozers operated and
excavators operated by civilian
contractors that the military is
required to protect. Um so that is what
we are seeing in South Lebanon straight
up from the uh nuts and bolts of the
Israeli operation.
And you can see the the buildings in
South Lebanon in all of these videos. I
mean, you're getting an aerial view of
South Lebanon. You can see the terrain,
how difficult it is to fight in. Uh how
much of an advantage the uh local
guerillas have over the uh you know, the
Israeli military that doesn't operate in
these hills.
And so you can see that direct hit right
there on the excavator. Um let's go to
the next one because then uh I have a I
pulled the the build there so you can
see the build. Um, you can see what is I
think the fiber optic cable up at the
top. You can see the fiber optic cable
wrapped around it. Um, the spooling is
kind of odd on this one, but this is
what is brilliant about these builds.
Um, is that the they're all built by
component parts and depending on the
payload, depending on the distance, they
can alter the battery array, which is
the blue that you see there. um they can
add more or less fiber optic cable which
is essentially a fishing line that
connects to the command controller which
gives instant feedback low latency um
and it's extremely accurate. So, um, and
it's also, uh, resists all of the
Israeli tools that are supposed to block
these, um, electronic warfare. Um, their
active protection systems, you'll see in
upcoming videos, um, are unable to stop
them. Um, but there you can see the
basic build and you see the RPG warhead,
um, that's hanging underneath there. So,
you're delivering precisely
um uh a a pretty devastating warhead uh
onto whatever part of the vehicle or
target that you want. And that is what
makes these um so difficult for the
Israelis to stop and has really tilted
the battlefield in Lebanon. Let's take a
look at number 10.
Um this you can see another build here
that's the opposite of that one. Um
going up, you can see the quadcopter.
That's what it looks like from the
ground. That's also the first time
they've shown us the takeoff of that.
So, they're giving us lots of
information in these. Um, right now it's
flashing low battery, so they're
obviously able to um to have just enough
because you don't want to have extra
batteries. You don't want to be carrying
extra weight. Um, and so they have these
down dialed in. You'll watch a bunch of
these videos this week. Um, the batter
is running out as it's coming in. So, we
watched it there fly over the target.
Didn't just dive down on the target.
It's flying back over it at a controlled
speed. Very slow. Uh, too slow for um
the uh active protection system radars,
although these are going to hit a jeep
that doesn't carry those. These are Land
Rover jeeps that are usually used by
special operations forces. Um, Hezbollah
identified it as a command vehicle. um
both seem accurate descriptions of of
that particular targeting. Um but the uh
fiber optics also allow them to get down
onto the ground level. You'll watch here
almost skips through the grass. Um the
radio signal um wouldn't work as well in
the hills. Um and so there you see the
jeep direct hit on that. Um on Sunday,
Hezbollah released a statement that's uh
that said, "Hasbah clearly and
decisively confirms that the enemy's
continued violation of the ceasefire,
its continued attacks against including
shelling, bulldozing, and destruction of
homes or targeting of civilians, and
before all that, its continued
occupation of Lebanese lands and
violations of its sovereignty will be
met with response and resistant
resistance present and ready to defend
its land and its people, a right
guaranteed by international charters. We
will not wait for or bet on failed
diplomacy that has proven its futility,
nor on the authorities negligent in
protecting their homeland. Um, for the
people of this land are the true
guarantors of the true guarantee is in
confronting uh the aggression and
repelling the occupation. Um, let's take
a look at number 11. Um, this is in
vintage bale again against destructive
uh D9 bulldozers um that are destroying
homes. Again, uh you can see some of the
um some of this onscreen signals that
they get. Um and there you see the
target, a D9 Caterpillar bulldozer on
the BDS list. Caterpillar. Um it's going
to get hit again right in the cockpit.
And the IDF is scrambling about these um
quadcopters because they they don't have
any defense for them. The army radio
said that the um the improvements to
soldiers weapons is one of the ideas to
increase the ability to hit the drones.
Um there are special intentions and also
fragmentation ammunition that can be
fired at the drone to increase the
chances of hitting it. So shotguns
basically is what they're saying. It was
decided to reduce helicopter landing
times inside Lebanese territory so that
the time the helicopter is on the ground
during the casualty evacuation is
minimized to reduce the possibility of
Hezbollah locating the helicopter and
trying to hit it. Again, intelligence
will uh Hezbollah intelligence will make
that useless. Um they want to deploy
various types of radars extensively
within Lebanese territory. Um, again,
radars aren't going to work unless you
want your radar to pick up every single
bird that's flying and then you're going
to pop off your uh your weaponry at the
bird that your radar caught. There's
really no uh solution. We saw it
actually yesterday. Uh I didn't bring it
on, but probably a lot of you who are
watching this saw this. The Israelis
testing, it looked like testing one of
their Hummers with uh Ukrainian style uh
netting all over the Jeep. Um, and
that's really the only solution that
they have found in uh, Ukraine is
massive fishing nets uh, to put massive
fishing nets above their positions. Um,
so we'll see where Israel goes with
this, but um, this has been a remarkable
advanced battlefield um, adaptation,
tactical adaptation that we're literally
seeing um, hour by hour if not uh, a day
by day if not hour by hour. So, let's
take a look at the next one. Number 12,
I think we're on now. Is that right?
This is in Cana again. Um,
near Bintage Bale
and
we're seeing the beautiful hills of
South Lebanon. A lot of these videos are
remarkable for what you see in this
area. Um, and this one is no exception
to that. This is against a moving
vehicle and the Israelis have complained
um that the uh the threat is more
significant when they're out in the open
um which is matches uh the the
battlefield in Ukraine um that the open
areas and commuting vehicles like this
one here, the Humvey that's going to
come up. drone is going to come up
behind it um and put it into or attempt
to put it into the back door of this
Humvey. We don't see the final
detonation, but again, it's carrying an
anti-tank warhead um 93 mm anti-tank
warhead that has um the ability to
penetrate um as much as 500 mm of rolled
homogeneous armor. And that is not what
is on those Humvees. So to deliver these
weapons, and that's also why the net
won't work. You put a net over this
vehicle that we're watching right here,
the RPG round just gets caught in the
net and then detonates over top of the
troops. So um not super useful. Um let's
go to 13. Uh this is against uh another
beautiful shot of South Lebanon in the
spring and showing the roads that the
Israelis have to travel along um to get
through these valleys. Um and that is
the their willingness to go through
these valleys simply to destroy homes
and take casualties every day. Another
soldier was killed today. 13 more were
wounded today in uh in FPV drone
strikes. Again, FPV stands for p
firstperson view, which is what we're
seeing here. The pilot is looking at the
same thing that we're looking at. Again,
low battery um which is optimizing the
um the build the the drone build to um
you know, have one less battery, gives
you more uh distance, more range. That's
an Eton uh eight-W wheeled uh troop
carrier that got hit there directly on
the top. Um these Etons are we saw them
a little bit in Gaza, but these are new
vehicles um since the two 2000 since the
2023 war began. Again, this is all the
same war that started on October 7th. We
cover it that way and um every all the
players see it that way as well. Um
so again low battery you optimizing
right up to the point of uh a direct
hit. If you have too much weight you
slow down you shorten your range um and
your effectiveness again at strike on
the top of that in vintage bale um 14.
We're going to see another one here
aiming directly at the active protection
system right directly on it. This hit is
going to show you um so you see in the
comments a lot and we deal with it a lot
in this uh corner of work that uh every
Israeli believes that every single round
ever fired is intercepted by their
blessed uh trophy active protection
system which you can see right there.
It's that's literally what they're
hitting. That's the reloader. To the
left is the launcher. If it launched,
you would see a something uh something
less than a shotgun blast, but uh many
small EFPS, explosively formed
penetrators are fired out um at the uh
incoming target. This target is too
slow, has too low a signature, has
almost no signature, although the
warhead it's carrying has a signature. U
but you can see it did not deploy. um on
that as well. The system failed. The
speed of the drone, the calibration to
deal with a Cornet anti-tank missile on
one hand that's going 25 or 30 times as
fast as the drone um makes it impossible
to calibrate um because you'd be firing
off at um at birds would be the primary
one. If you were to lower your
calibration enough to to encapsulate
um these quadcopters, you'd be um you'd
be send it would be sent off for every
bird. So um there you can see straight
ahead above the crosshairs right there
on the left. That's the launcher of the
APS. Um the next video is against uh
another excavator. These have been
consistently targeted. You can see the
destruction in uh and this is in vintage
bale. Um systematic destruction with uh
bulldozers but also with um carrying
explosives like we saw in Gaza um to
carry out the demolitions. And this is
again an active um excavator. You can
see it moving uh an excavator that not
in this this was from April 14th this
operation. um again directly into the
cockpit of a manned uh excavator
actively demolishing homes. This killed
um not this but another uh excavator
strike killed one of the civilian um
contractors, military contractors and
his son was seriously wounded by
shrapnel. And interestingly um from
Armory Radio, according to procedures
introduced in the IDF during the war,
all employees of contractor companies
sign a document before entering Lebanon
acknowledging that they will not be
recognized as fallen IDF soldiers. Um so
their families don't get uh compensation
for them getting killed. They signed a
waiver. Um, and that's how Israel treats
its u I mean there's there's nothing
civilian about that operation. It's
clearly a military operation. It's a
paramilitary operation at the very
least. Um but they don't want to give
them uh they don't want to give the
civilian contractors
um the benefits that are given to
soldiers families. So that's kind of
another dark element of uh the overall
genocidal project that Israel is
rampaging through the region with. Let's
take a look at number 16. Now this is in
Mesa Jabo and you can see the build here
again. You're seeing at the back there
um applying the detonator where the
rocket motor would be. And there you see
the drone. Um I'll show you after this.
So, I have a still of this one, but you
can see this is an uh fiber optic. It's
running on fiber optics. And fiber
optics just mean that when the
controller presses forward, down,
sideways, any move, it's instant. Um,
and that just makes flying these um it
just makes that's part of what makes
them such a deadly uh tool. Here they're
hitting the front um of of the marova.
Here you're seeing it dive down and hit
the front of it which normally you
wouldn't say would be the best target.
Um they're built with uh under
especially the under uh carriage is
really heavily fortified for um you know
groundbased bombs, roadside bombs. Um
but we we see this one when the second
tank uh is hit uh you can see that
there's two strikes on the same tank.
Um, and you can see that there is um
some sort of transmission fuel uh fluid
or some sort of fuel that has spilled
out. It's clearly disabled the tank,
which is why the uh they have a second
shot out of here. So, we're seeing these
kind of tactical adaptations. Now,
they're sending two drones. That's what
they did in that medevac strike was two
drones. It was two drones against that
uh tank where the soldiers were. Um and
there's two strikes against uh this same
tank uh here in Mesa Jabo
direct strikes on both because of the
precision of the uh of the weapon.
So this is this is the fiber optics.
This is the first time they showed us
this. We've seen it before. We saw it on
crashed um on crashed drones. Um but
this is the first time they've shown us
the actual uh the obvious spool. I think
that previous one was a spool. They had
it on top and it was square. Um but this
is the more conventional way to do it.
And essentially that bottom part that
you see there with the nose um spits out
like a like a fishing rod spits out um
essentially something equivalent to a
fishing line um and it drags it behind
while it's flying and that's how you get
the sharp commands. You're basically
connect you're literally connected to uh
the command or the controller is
literally connected to the device.
There's no radio signal that could be
blocked by electronic warfare or by
hills or by buildings on those hills
like we've seen in these previous
videos. Um so it's very effective and
this is um you know something that we've
seen in the war in in Ukraine where
entire villages are just covered with um
what it looks like fishing line but are
the fiber optics and there's really no
uh defense against these. Um, Army Radio
told commanders, uh, a commander told
Army Radio, "There's not much to do
about it." Um, said a commander
currently fighting in Lebanon, "The
briefing the troops receive boils down
to be alert and if you spot a drone, try
and shoot it." So, that's where they're
at with it. And kind of
counterintuitively, the um fiber optics
allows the um the drone in some cases to
fly at a greater distance. It extends
the range. Um again because of the hills
and the ways that the radio signals can
be knocked down. Um so interesting
developments and there you see it for
the first time. Um we saw it this week
for the first time and you can see the
warhead on the top that is the PG7 VL.
It's an Iranianbuilt anti-tank warhead
um that can do considerable damage. U
let's look at number 18. This is a um an
encanter again. Um this is each of these
videos are the ones from this week. This
was from Friday. Uh Hzbollah says
specifically what the ceasefire
violation that they are responding to
is. So they are upholding the ceasefire,
but they're responding to everything
that Israel is doing. They're not
allowing this um ceasefire to be a
continuation of the war like Israel
wants to try to achieve what they can't
achieve in battle um by doing it during
a ceasefire demolishing homes. There you
see the hit on the Humvey there using a
house as a base. And you can see that
these vehicles because of the drones um
they've moved everything inside. We see
all the vehicles parked right up close
to the buildings where they are um and
backed right up into the buildings to
leave as little time as possible for um
the strikes. And again, just beautiful
uh it's beautiful area, South Lebanon.
It's um it's a crime what's happening to
it literally.
Um okay, let's look at number 19. This
is against a NEMR troop carrier. This is
in Canthra again. Um this is near
Bintage Bale. Again the massive, you
know, terrorist hillsides, massive
destruction through Bintage Bale is um
you know, devastating to see. Bintage
Bale is uh heart of the resistance. Um
and here, okay, so here the drones
coming down on the Nom troop carrier.
You're going to see the soldier's uh
helmet, the tank uh the armored
personnel carrier crew mate, that's the
driver presumably or commander popping
out of his hatch there um during that
strike. Again, no um no casualty report
on this one. This is from uh just the
other day a um early this week. Um,
a lot of people say that they cut off
early, that the the footage cut off
early, which proves that uh in this
particular shot and the other ones that
their active protection system has
intercepted this. And this is just
absurd for people who see these comments
and want to uh to know if this is true.
Um, it's not. If you had the APC, if you
had the APS on right now with a crewman
outside the tank, the crewman would be
hit by the fire, it would intercept this
uh RPG round over top of the head of the
soldier um and explode it in that area.
So, they're not being intercepted. That
is not what's happening here. Um and
that's why Israel is scrambling at the
moment. Um number 20, we got one more of
these. Um there you can see the uh fiber
optics there linked up to the computer.
Again, a different build that this time
the warhead is on the top. This is the
genius of the Hezbollah drone builds um
because you can use different parts,
different batteries um for particular
missions and that's what we're seeing um
various different setups of these
quadcopters. There's not a single um
outofbox um uh quadcopter. They're
putting them together by piece by piece.
And the pieces are all in other
products. So, they're resilient supply
chain. Um and it's really something that
the Israelis can't do anything about. Um
so there you see the direct hit uh on
the uh the Marava here. This was from
April 11th. So sometimes we get them
from further back. Um and that build
represents um that time uh April 11th.
So you can see there uh we're seeing a
good footage of it there with the um
with the warhead on top. Okay, let's go
to the next one. We've got some down
footage here. Um we've got the audio
included in this. So
So that is a uh Hermes 450 being downed
by uh by Hezbollah uh manportable air
defense system surfaceto-air missile.
And this video came out before the
Hezbollah video. Um the guys on the
ground are saying it's a drone. It came
down. came down. It's coming apart and
they're um they're south of Ty seur uh
on the coast. Uh and this drone is being
knocked out. This is the this was this
particular one was the sixth. Um but
there's been two more since this one. So
I think we're now at eight uh Hermes
drones. Elbit also on the BDS list.
Elbit drones here falling from the sky
uh being destroyed by the resistance.
probably uh we can see in the next
video. Um
you can see the fighter again. So we saw
from above here we see the fighter
holding the manportable surfaceto-air
missile in the bush. Um and you can just
see the advantage that the guerrillas in
South Lebanon have to carry out these
operations after seeing um the overhead
view of the mountains and the bush and
uh lots of places for cover and
concealment. And here is the Hezbollah
uh here's Hezbollah adding this video
into their uh video and publishing it
again within a couple of hours of the
original video uh being shown. So
command and control and there we see it
on the ground. So significant week of
operations for Hzbollah. No signs uh no
end in sight uh if we can quote our good
friend. Um, and that has been the
resistance report for day 937
of Israel's genocide in Gaza.